[Tabs] Fix RTL indicator (#26470)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/tabs/tabs.md

🎨 If you are looking for inspiration, you can check [MUI Treasury's customization examples](https://mui-treasury.com/styles/tabs/).

> ## RTL tabs
> 
> {{"demo": "pages/components/tabs/RTLTabs.js", "bg": true}}
> 

Reviewer: The RTL toggle in the docs already serves this purpose, also RTL is 2% of the usage, so It doesn't really matter

```suggestion
```

Also, the demo doesn't look accessible.

Note that you can restore the scrollbar with `visibleScrollbar`.

> ## Vertical tabs (right-hand-side)
> 
> vertical tabs on the right can be achieve by styling.
> 
> {{"demo": "pages/components/tabs/VerticalRightTabs.js", "bg": true}}
> 

Reviewer: Same reason as above

```suggestion
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/tabs/NavTabs.js"}}

## Hover tabs

> set active tab when hover on it and clear by setting the value to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the active tab when hovering on it.
```
